{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red15\green120\blue219;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red242\green242\blue242;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh14500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs38 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Week 6 - Peer Feedback\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf1 \cb3 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 4 unread replies.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf4 \cb5 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 4 replies.\
Now that a functional interface and layout is coming together you can begin to get more detailed feedback from peers, users and colleagues. During the lab this week you will conduct a small user test and feedback session with another team within your lab. While this test is occurring make sure one of your team members is taking notes of the results because you will be submitting those results as a short post to this discussion as part of your participation grade.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 Conduct a\'a0couple quick interface tests.
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Test 1: First impression test.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Set up a computer, tablet, or mobile phone with the landing page of your website\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sit down with another team who you have not shown or discussed your site with before\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Begin the test by revealing the landing page to your participant and 
\f0\b silently count to five
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hide the landing page and ask the participant what they remember \'a0as a result of that first 5 second impression.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Take notes of what they remember, 
\f1\b0 \'a0and what they thought the order of importance was\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Test 2: Quick and Dirty exploration, impression and breakage test.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Now reopen the site and let your peer reviewers explore the site in more detail. Ask them to narrate their exploration and impressions to you as they go, take note of what impressions, assumptions, and questions they have during this test.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Take note of their activities, and impressions and pay attention for any moments where they seem to get stuck, confused, or annoyed by the design, as well as any point where they manage to break your site.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Answer any questions they may have about what just happened\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Once you have completed this test, trade roles and become the user and peer reviewer for their site design and they will conduct the same test.\
Clean up any notes you made and write a short post detailing any insights you gained from this test in regards to your current design and what areas you plan to focus on improving or enhancing in the coming weeks. Submit that post to this discussion with the names of both team members as well as the names of the team that participated in your test included prior to the end of your lab.\
\
\
\
Users: Rina Narciso, Rosanne Wong\
\
Test Conductors: SooJin (Diana) Lee, Ruochong (Seven) Wang, Christopher Lai Kong \
\
\
Test 1. First Impression Test Notes. \
\
What do you remember?\
- pet cafe, social media link, reservation, menu clear\
- navigation bar was in the shadow\
- 3 column grid-structure\
- recommended menu made it clear that it\'92s a cafe \
\
What was the order of importance?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - dog image first then navigation bar \cf2 \
\
\
Test 2. Quick and Dirty Exploration. \
\
Activities:\
\
Pet Gallery \
- padding needs to decrease or reduce the number of columns for the pet gallery or increase image and less columns\
- have enough contents so footer is properly positioned\
\
Reservation\
- header font needs change\
\
Reservation\
- footer needs some work and make sure to apply it consistently throughout the website\
\
Menu\
- border bottom\
- image left, text right or just text\
- good structure, easy to navigate \
\
Impression:\
- changing colour on hover is good. \
- consistency - footer needs to \
- choice of colour needs to be clear\
\
Problems they encountered:\
- the buttons need better text/copy to make sure its\'92 function is clearly communicated to the user\
\
\
Summary:\
\
Overall, our users clearly saw that our website is meant for a cafe when they viewed our landing page. The fonts, colour palette and design consistency needs to improvement. The copy text in the website needs improvement as well. They felt that our menu page was well structured and easy to navigate. }